---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "snapcd Provider"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Interact with snapcd.
---

# snapcd Provider

Interact with snapcd.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Authenticate with Service Principal

variable "client_id" {}
variable "client_secret" { sensitive = true }
variable "organization_id" {}

provider "snapcd" {
  client_id       = var.client_id
  client_secret   = var.client_secret
  organization_id = var.organization_id
}

# Or alternatively, authenticate with Access Token:
#
# variable "access_token" { sensitive = true }
#
# provider "snapcd" {
#   access_token    = var.access_token
#   organization_id = var.organization_id
# }
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `access_token` (String) Access token for the SnapCd API. Either this or 'client_id'/'client_secret' must be set. Can also be set via the SNAPCD_ACCESS_TOKEN environment variable.
- `client_id` (String) Client ID for a Service Principal to authenticate API calls with. Either this or 'access_token' must be set. Can also be set via the SNAPCD_CLIENT_ID environment variable.
- `client_secret` (String) Client Secret for a Service Principal to authenticate API calls with. Either this or 'access_token' must be set. Can also be set via the SNAPCD_CLIENT_SECRET environment variable.
- `health_check_interval_seconds` (Number) Number of seconds to wait inbetween polling the /health endpoint of the API. Defaults to 10 seconds. Can also be set via the SNAPCD_HEALTH_CHECK_INTERVAL_SECONDS environment variable.
- `health_check_timeout_seconds` (Number) Number of seconds during which to continuously poll /health endpoint before timing out. Defaults to 60 seconds. Can also be set via the SNAPCD_HEALTH_CHECK_TIMEOUT_SECONDS environment variable.
- `insecure_skip_verify` (Boolean) Skip verifying the HTTPs certificate of the API. Can also be set via the SNAPCD_INSECURE_SKIP_VERIFY environment variable.
- `organization_id` (String) Organization ID for the SnapCd API. Can also be set via the SNAPCD_ORGANIZATION_ID environment variable.
- `url` (String) URL where the Snapcd API is served. Defaults to https://snapcd.io. Can also be set via the SNAPCD_URL environment variable.
